Vitamin E is a supplement that many dermatologists
suggest for attaining healthy skin. Try this
Vitamin E facial to attain smooth and youthful
skin.
1. To start with, clean the face with baby
oil using a piece of cloth. This would help
remove all the external impurities.
2. Now apply a foam cleanser and massage on
the face for a few minutes.
Wipe it off with a damp cloth or wash it off
with water.
3. Use a moisturizing cream rich in Vitamin
E and massage this on the face gently for
a few minutes.
Vitamin E is a great cure for acne and burn
scars. It penetrates into the skin and helps
repair the scar tissue. For the same reason,
Vitamin E is also beneficial for stretch marks.
4. Wipe off the cream and apply a blossom
lotion evenly on the face. Leave it on for
10 to 15 minutes. Wipe the lotion off with
a soft cotton cloth.
A natural source of Vitamin E is the sun but
in case you are someone who stays indoors
very often, you need to take other forms of
supplements.
5. Now apply a few drops of Vitamin E oil
and blossom lotion on the face and massage
intensively for 5 to 10 minutes. This shall
ensure that the Vitamin E is absorbed into
the skin. Post the massage, gently wipe off
the oil.
6. Apply a dark circle pack on the area around
the eye and leave it on.
7. To end the facial, prepare a face back
using Vitamin E powder, Blossom lotion and
some water. Apply this on the skin covering
the whole face and leave it on for drying.
But make sure that it is applied on the face
as soon as it is prepared as this pack has
the tendency to dry up within seconds.
8. Wipe it off with a damp cotton cloth and
spray a bit of rose water to the skin.
Hope you liked this video. For more videos
on facials, subscribe to stylecraze.